Community 

(There are two tabs- EVENTS and VOLUNTEERS)

As a community-based cultural institution, Puppetry Arts facilitates free Community Events with continuous support from local and national businesses and partnering organizations. These three festivals feature live music, arts and crafts, games and activities. Supporting Puppetry Arts New York are over 600 volunteers annually including over 300 students from are high schools and colleges as part of the Youth Empowerment Program. 



Events (tab)

The success of all Community Events can be measured by the overall commitment that the neighborhoods, volunteers, and businesses have towards their community and its prosperity through the efforts of Puppetry Arts. Community Events benefit diverse neighborhoods by securing safe, affordable, and accessible cultural events and by providing a resource to promote enriching family activities, civic participation, and neighborhood commerce. At each of these events, special efforts are taken to secure access to low-income and at-risk youth at no cost to them. Puppetry Arts also participates at events within the community aside from events of its own. The organization provides meet-and-greets with puppet characters and puppet-making crafts at various locations at not cost to the partnering organization, giving them the additional support needed to reach out to their specific neighborhood. Above all, Puppetry Arts is an invaluable foundation for individuals, businesses, and students as a resource for family fun, cultural programs and civic responsibility.


Calendar of events:

February 	Adult Swim: Craft & Home Brew Festival 

April 	Park Slope Family Festival

May	 	Red Hook Family Festival

June 	Puppetry Arts Festival of Brooklyn

October 	Haunted Halloween Carnival 

Email (link) for information about these events or to participate 

Volunteer (tab)

Community Volunteers

Over 600 volunteers support Puppetry Arts New York annually through community events, administrative, board membership, and professional support. Volunteers help set up festivals and assist with activities such as making puppets, running games, or serving food to fellow volunteers. Others  opportunities include serving on the Puppetry Arts New York board, designing animation for videos, helping to update technology such as the organizational website, or to participate as a volunteer teacher at various youth programs. 



Youth Empowerment Program

Recognizing that the social environment of a student has a great impact on the student and the student’s future, Puppetry Arts developed the Youth Empowerment Program in 2006, designed to partner with New York City high schools, youth groups, and local colleges to facilitate student participation in out-of-class civic projects. With the goal of strengthening ambition and instilling a deeper sense of citizenship, participating students engage in group art projects and receive mentoring and professional guidance through youth led volunteerism in arts projects and community events. 

Sign Up to Volunteer (email link) 

Tuffy Tiger App:
Box with Tuffy App Icon and “Download the Tuffy Tiger APP”
Icon for Itunes and Google Play
Tuffy Tiger image 

The bottom has the same details and links as home page